Approach and Process
What in my process and approach to this project would I do differently next time?

Before starting out on any project, I should list out the tasks that needs to be completed to build
the game. This is to prevent myself from being lost in my own code, when things don't work and bugs
in the application starts to accumulate. I realised that breaking down the problem into smaller parts
helps the programmer to stay focused and manage the time given to complete the project better.
--

What in my process and approach to this project went well that I would repeat next time?

I wanted to attempt to build the game using the canvas tag. And in that process, I looked up tutorials
by other developers and free code exercises online to practice and familiarize myself with using canvas.
Even though I did not manage to complete that version, I still learnt new things. And I guess, research,
practice and lots of trial and error really helps when you are building an application of your own.

--

Code and Code Design
What in my code and program design in the project would I do differently next time?

I would organise my code better such that the spaceships and user will first be a class of its own
instead of having to hard code each and single one of the ships that appears in the page. The game 
stops at the second wave of ships, hence if I'd applied class and constructors from the start, i 
would have been able to keep the game rolling until the user actually dies. The user is currently 
able to move his/her ship outside of the screen as I forgot to set the boundaries of where the user 
ship can move. I should also focus less on the look/aesthetics of the game and work on getting the 
game to function perfectly before adding in any CSS.
--

What in my code and program design in the project went well? Is there anything I would do the same next time?

Geting the audio to work when user shoots out lasers and being able to print out the images of the
user ships and enemy ships. Successfully used for loops and settimeout to animate items on the screen,
and that made me understand loops in javascript much better.
--

For each, please include code examples.

Code snippet up to 20 lines.
Code design documents or architecture drawings / diagrams.

WDI Unit 1 Post Mortem
What habits did I use during this unit that helped me?
- Writing pseudocode before any other line to establish aims of the program really helps to
streamline the workload
- Using consistent indentation to the best of my abilities
- File and folder structure
- Naming conventions

What habits did I have during this unit that I can improve on?
- OOP!!!!
- To keep code simple and readable as possible

How is the overall level of the course during this unit? (instruction, course materials, etc.)
- 9/10